refactor(swap): update error code (#678)
chainflip-io/chainflip-sdk-monorepo: CHANGELOG.md

- `getQuote` can respond with a 500 status code and a JSON response body with an
  string `error` field. This field has been replaced by `message` to be inline
  with how errors are returned in other parts of the API.

> - `getQuote` returns a 500 for quotes for which there is insufficient liquidity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `getQuote` returned a 500 for quotes for which there is insufficient liquidity.
```

  This has been changed to return a 400, because there is action the user can
  take to resolve there error.

## Unreleased

## Changed

> - `getQuote` responds with a 500 if there is insufficient liquidity. It has been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `getQuote` responded with a 500 if there was insufficient liquidity. It has been
```
